chore(profiling): Add end of profiling beta alert (#6737)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/profiling/index.mdx

description: 'Learn how to enable profiling in your app if it is not already set up.'
---

> <Note>
> 
> The beta program for Profiling is closed. Profiles sent during this period will not appear in your dashboard if you did not participate in the beta program. Profiling will be generally available soon.
> 
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

The beta program for Profiling is now closed, but Profiling will become generally available soon. If you weren't part of the beta program, any Profiles sent during this time won't appear in your dashboard.

</Note>
```
